README.md, before:

# Acral Melanoma - PDX models from Latin America

This repository serves as the central landing page for multiple sub-analyses related to the manuscript:

> **_Comprehensive molecular and functional characterization of brazilian acral melanoma reveals aberrant genetic landscape and therapeutic vulnerabilities_**

The analyses were conducted by several authors in the Possik, Robles-Espinoza and Adams groups. Each sub-analysis repository linked below contains its own **README.md** with details of the methods, code, and data required for reproducing the results. Large files and figures from the paper can be accessed at the corresponding [FigShare for the project]()

Users can download any datasets from Figshare with: 
```
curl -k -o bundle.zip https://figshare.com/ndownloader/articles/MY_NUMARTICLE/versions/1
unzip bundle.zip
```

## Project Overview

The sub-analyses of the project, authors who performed them and repositories they correspond to are:  
- Transcriptome analysis of PDX models from Latin America: `PDX_models_from_Latin_America_RNAseq` [![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/MYPAPER.svg)](https://doi.org/) (mdc1@sanger.ac.uk)
- Somatic calling of SNVs, MNVs,and INDELs from WES of PDX models from Latin America: `PDX_models_from_Latin_America_WES` [![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/MYPAPER.svg)](https://doi.org/) (mdc1@sanger.ac.uk) 

## Contact 
- Annie Cristhine Sousa Squiavinato (<as81@sanger.ac.uk>)
- Antonio Facciolo (<af31@sanger.ac.uk>)
- Patricia Basurto Lozada (<pbasurto@liigh.unam.mx>)
- Martin Del Castillo Velasco-Herrera (<mdc1@sanger.ac.uk>)
- Jesús René Wong (<rene.wong@helsinki.fi>)
- Jacqueline Boccacino (<jb62@sanger.ac.uk>)
- David J Adams (<da1@sanger.ac.uk>)
- Carla Daniela Robles-Espinoza(<drobles@liigh.unam.mx>)
- Patricia Possik (<ppossik@inca.gov.br>)

Commit message:

Add project overview and author checklist sections to README.md

README.md, after:

# Acral Melanoma - PDX models from Latin America

This repository serves as the central landing page for multiple sub-analyses related to the manuscript:

> **_Comprehensive molecular and functional characterization of brazilian acral melanoma reveals aberrant genetic landscape and therapeutic vulnerabilities_**

The analyses were conducted by several authors in the Possik, Robles-Espinoza and Adams groups. Each sub-analysis repository linked below contains its own **README.md** with details of the methods, code, and data required for reproducing the results. Large files and figures from the paper can be accessed at the corresponding [FigShare for the project]()

Users can download any datasets from Figshare with: 
```
curl -k -o bundle.zip https://figshare.com/ndownloader/articles/MY_NUMARTICLE/versions/1
unzip bundle.zip
```

## Project Overview

| Sub-analysis | Authors | Links | Checklist? |
|--------------|---------|---------|--------|
| MesKit analysis of acral melanoma  samples | (<jb62@sanger.ac.uk>) | [GitHub repository](https://github.com/team113sanger/Acral_Melanoma_PDX_models_LatAm_MesKit) [Zenodo DOI](#) | [ ] | 

## Author checklist
As the author of a sub-analysis, I have checked the following:
[ ] a README.md with a short description of the analysis
[ ] a README.md which explains how to run my scripts
[ ] a README.md which explains how I install dependencies (if _renv_ or _poetry_, a link to their documentation)
[ ] a README.md that explains something about my **input data** (what directory? or if figshare, a link?)
[ ] an APGL3 LICENSE file

## Project Overview (old format)

The sub-analyses of the project, authors who performed them and repositories they correspond to are:  
- Transcriptome analysis of PDX models from Latin America: `PDX_models_from_Latin_America_RNAseq` [![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/MYPAPER.svg)](https://doi.org/) (mdc1@sanger.ac.uk)
- Somatic calling of SNVs, MNVs,and INDELs from WES of PDX models from Latin America: `PDX_models_from_Latin_America_WES` [![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/MYPAPER.svg)](https://doi.org/) (mdc1@sanger.ac.uk) 

## Contact 
- Annie Cristhine Sousa Squiavinato (<as81@sanger.ac.uk>)
- Antonio Facciolo (<af31@sanger.ac.uk>)
- Patricia Basurto Lozada (<pbasurto@liigh.unam.mx>)
- Martin Del Castillo Velasco-Herrera (<mdc1@sanger.ac.uk>)
- Jesús René Wong (<rene.wong@helsinki.fi>)
- Jacqueline Boccacino (<jb62@sanger.ac.uk>)
- David J Adams (<da1@sanger.ac.uk>)
- Carla Daniela Robles-Espinoza(<drobles@liigh.unam.mx>)
- Patricia Possik (<ppossik@inca.gov.br>)
